In this exercise, the goal is to
analyze the threat scenario image and identify the asset,
the threat, the vulnerability, and the exploit.
The ultimate threat is that the attacker might
breach security and steal from the organization.
The main vulnerability in this case is that
the unpatched software which the attacker can aim to exploit is present.
As we progress through lessons,
you'll also learn that the employees ignorance is also a threat to security.
The assets involved may vary.
However, you can begin to hypothesize about what the target might be.
Remember, assets are anything of value to the company.
In this case, the asset could be the victim's computer and the data on it,
it could be the financial system the attacker is looking to gain access to,
it could be a lot of things.
Finally, because the attacker is taking advantage of malware that was discovered today,
you can infer that a zero-day exploit is being used.
The attacker is also exploiting
the naive and curious nature of human beings through social engineering,
which we'll talk about more later as well.